update integration testing doc (#3073)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: dev-docs/howtoguides/testing.md

> **Note**
> Note that we cache the source when running with `UACLIENT_BEHAVE_INSTALL_FROM=local` based on a hash, calculated from the repository state. If you change the python code locally and run the behave tests against your new version, there will be new debs in the cache source with the new repo state hash.

To run the integration tests, use the `tox` command as shown below. 

> Please note that this command will execute all the integration tests sequentially and may take a significant amount of time to complete, depending on the number and complexity of the tests.

Reviewer: This command as written will always take a long time - no "depending..." :)

```suggestion
Please note that, as shown here without arguments, this command would execute all the integration tests sequentially and would take an inordinate amount of time to complete. Always pass arguments to this command to specify a subset of tests to run, as demonstrated next. 
```

Author: Updated

To run the tests, you can use `tox`:

```shell
tox -e behave
```

or, if you just want to run a specific file, or a test within a file:

```shell
tox -e behave features/unattached_commands.feature
tox -e behave features/unattached_commands.feature:28
```

or, if you want to run a specific file for a specific release and machine type, or a specific test:

```shell
tox -e behave -- features/config.feature -D releases=jammy -D machine_types=lxd-container
tox -e behave -- features/config.feature:132 -D releases=jammy -D machine_types=lxd-vm
```

As can be seen, this will run behave tests only for release 22.04 (Jammy Jellyfish). We are currently
supporting 7 distinct releases:

> * 23.10 (Mantic Minotaur)

Reviewer 2: We no longer run tests for Lunar and Kinetic, we can remove those entries

Reviewer 3: Please avoid specifying the releases, unless if giving an example. Specify the rule:
- all supported releases
- LTS releases, including those under ESM
- devel release, at some point in the development cycle

Otherwise this is going to go stale often and we need to update it every 3 months or so during the interim cycles

Author: Updated to mention the rule instead of specific releases

To run the tests, you can use `tox`:

```shell

> tox -e behave

Reviewer: This will run all of the tests sequentially, which is just about never desirable. Maybe add a warning about that here?

following environment variable to launch your specific  AMI instead of building
a daily ubuntu-advantage-tools image.
```sh

> UACLIENT_BEHAVE_REUSE_IMAGE=your-custom-ami tox -e behave -- -D release=focal -D machine_types=aws.pro

Reviewer: I don't think the `reuse_image` option exists anymore so this section can be removed (along with similar sections later on)

Author: Updated to remove the sections about reuse_image and the snapshots. Let me know if anything else is required in the docs!
